Create ui-c8y-1023-14-136-add-new-aggr-options-to-the-chart-options-backport-y-2026.md (#4506)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-14-136-add-new-aggr-options-to-the-chart-options-backport-y-2026.md

---
date: ""

> title: Add new aggr. options to the chart options. [BACKPORT][y2026] (#11670)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New aggregation options added to the data graph and data explorer 
```
